workers: fix typo (#16220)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workflows/get-started/cli-quick-start.mdx

		// Get the status of an existing instance, if provided
		if (id) {
			let instance = await env.MY_WORKFLOW.get(id);
			return Response.json({
				status: await instance.status(),
			});
		}

		// Spawn a new instance and return the ID and status
		let instance = await env.MY_WORKFLOW.create();
		return Response.json({
			id: instance.id,
			details: await instance.status(),
		});
	},
};
```

Specifically, the code above:

1. Extends the Workflows base class (`WorkflowsEntrypoint`) and defines a `run` method for our Workflow.
2. Passes in our `Params` type as a [type parameter](/workflows/build/events-and-parameters/) so that events that trigger our Workflow are typed.
3. Defines several steps that return state.
4. Defines a custom retry configuration for a step.
5. Binds to the Workflow from a Worker's `fetch` handler so that we can create (trigger) instances of our Workflow via a HTTP call.

You can edit this Workflow by adding (or removing) additional `step` calls, changing the retry configuration, and/or making your own API calls. This Workflow template is designed to illustrate some of Workflows APIs.

## 2. Deploy a Workflow

> Workflows are deployed via [`wrangler`](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/), which is installed when you first ran `npm create cloudflare`, above. Workflows are Worker scripts, and are deployed the same way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows are deployed via [`wrangler`](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/), which is installed when you first ran `npm create cloudflare` above. Workflows are Worker scripts, and are deployed the same way:
```

```sh
npx wrangler@latest deploy
```

## 3. Run a Workflow

> You can run a Workflow via the `wrangler` CLI, via a Worker binding, or via the Workflows [REST API](/api/paths/accounts-account_id--workflows/get).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a Workflow via the `wrangler` CLI, via a Worker binding, or via the Workflows [REST API](/api/operations/wor-list-workflows).
```

---
title: CLI quick start
pcx_content_type: get-started

> updated: 2038-01-19

Reviewer 2: delete?
